feat(perf): Performance Requests View (#9672)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/performance/requests.mdx

---
title: Requests
sidebar_order: 55
description: "Hello"
---

<Include name="feature-available-for-user-group-early-adopter.mdx" />

If you have performance monitoring enabled, you can track your application's HTTP requests in Sentry. Sentry monitors all outgoing HTTP requests and helps you track and investigate the domains that serve those requests.

On the [**Requests** page](#requests-page), you get an overview of the domains that serve your application's outgoing requests. From there, you can check each individual domain's behavior on its [**Domain Summary** page](#domain-summary-page) and find sample events in the [Sample List](#sample-list).

<div style={{"height":"0px","paddingBottom":"calc(56.8359% + 41px)","position":"relative","width":"100%"}}>
  <iframe
    src="https://demo.arcade.software/BACnYWFHTvhZU6YK1rpq?embed&show_copy_link=true"
    frameborder="0"
    loading="lazy"
    webkitallowfullscreen
    mozallowfullscreen
    allowfullscreen
    style={{"colorScheme":"light","height":"100%","left":"0px","position":"absolute","top":"0px","width":"100%"}}
    title="Performance -> Requests Module Walkthrough"
  ></iframe>
</div>

## Eligibility

> Availability of HTTP request monitoring depends on the SDK your application uses. In most cases, Sentry's SDKs automatically enable HTTP request tracking. You can check your SDK's <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation">automatic instrumentation documentation</PlatformLink> to see if it includes tracking HTTP requests.

Reviewer: should we cover span eligibility requirements similar to what we have for db spans? for custom instrumentation?

Author: Ah, good idea! I'll do that in a follow-up PR 👍🏻

TODO: Verify/clarify SDK behavior

Network requests using other protocols (FTP, WebSocket, etc.) are not supported at this time.

## Requests Page

The **Requests** page gives an overview of the domains that your application accesses via HTTP. You can use this page to see how those domains perform, including their average response duration and the rate of 3xx, 4xx, and 5xx HTTP response status codes.

TODO: We may or may not add a _widget_ here, and remove the sidebar link, it's unclear at the moment.

You can access the **Requests** page by clicking "Requests" in the sidebar, under "Performance".

At the top of the page, there are three graphs that summarize the overall behavior of outgoing HTTP requests. The first is a requests per minute (throughput) chart. The second is an average duration chart. The third is a chart that shows the percentage of 3xx, 4xx, and 5xx HTTP response status codes. You can click and drag to select a specific time range directly in a graph.

> TODO: Do we need to describe Time Spent in detail? We did on the Queries page. Should we do it again here?
> 
> The domains table below the charts shows a list of domains your application makes requests to. Each row also shows the throughput, average duration, HTTP response code rate, and total time your app spent making requests to the domain (time spent). The domain names are parameterized, where `*` means that the row includes all subdomains of that domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The domains table below the charts shows a list of domains your application makes requests to. The domain names are parameterized, where `*` means that all subdomains of that domain are included. Each row also shows the throughput, average duration, HTTP response code rate, and total time your app spent making requests to the domain (time spent).
```

> TODO: Search is not implemented, but will be for GA
> 
> By default, the table is sorted by descending time spent. You can also sort by throughput, duration, and HTTP response status code rate. The domain search input lets you search for specific domains.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the table is sorted by most time spent, which serves as a proxy for the relative performance impact of a given domain. You can also sort by throughput, duration, and HTTP response status code rate by clicking on the relevant column header. The domain search bar also lets you search for specific domains.
```

To view more details, click on a domain name to open its **Domain Summary** page.

TODO: Arcade

## Domain Summary Page

To open a domain's **Domain Summary** page, click on the domain from the table on the **Requests** page.

At the top of the page, you'll see the same throughput, duration, and response status code charts. You'll also see a link to the domain's status page, if one is known.

Below, you'll find a list of transactions that make requests to that domain, sorted by time spent.

If you want to investigate a specific transaction, click on it to open the request samples panel.

TODO: Arcade

## Sample List

> Click on a transaction to open its sample list. The sample list side panel shows metrics on this domain's behavior within the selected transaction. You can choose to view a breakdown either by duration, or by response code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on a transaction to open its sample list. The sample list side panel shows metrics on this domain's behavior within the selected transaction. You can choose to view a breakdown either by duration or by response code.
```

### Duration Breakdown

The duration breakdown shows the average duration of requests to the domain in the selected transaction. It also finds relevant samples to help you investigate the requests. Sentry tries to find samples that are faster than, slower than, and roughly equal to the average duration. The samples will also span the entire selected time range, if possible. Each sample is plotted on the duration chart and represented as a triangle.

The samples are also listed in a table below the chart. Each sample has a link to the relevant trace, the HTTP status of the response, and the full URL of the request.

### Response Code Breakdown

> The response code breakdown chart plots the top 5 most common response status codes over time. You can use this chart to diagnose response code behavior. You can use the response code range selector in the top right to narrow down the status codes. For example, if you select the "3XX" value, the breakdown chart will narrow down to only HTTP status codes in the 300 range.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The response code breakdown chart plots the top 5 most common response status codes over time. You can use this chart to diagnose response code behavior. You can use the response code range selector in the top right to narrow down the status codes. For example, if you select the "3XX" value, the breakdown chart will narrow down to only 3XX HTTP status codes.
```

> The table below the charts shows a list of sample spans of the selected response code range.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The table below the chart shows a list of sample spans for the selected response code range. Each sample has a link to the relevant trace, the HTTP status of the response, and the full URL of the request.
```
